Thanks.
Thanks to you.
Otherwise, Xiaoling and I will definitely die
It's okay, don't worry about it.
Wait until Xiaoling is discharged from the hospital.
We'll get out of here
Won't be coming back
Is he a multi-winner?
Well, if it weren't for me
Kobayashi will not suffer this disaster
Although I really want you to join the martial arts
But I know you have your own considerations
I respect you.
Thanks.
Uh-huh.
Ahhh
I'm going to kill you what are you doing
The Liang family has so many guards
If you go, you will die.
Even if you die
I'm going to fight them
The power behind the Liang family is the Dongying Organization
Can you fight
Then I just watch them kill me
Does my sister still want the extrajudicial?
Want revenge
There is another way.
How?
Join Wangchuan
In the name of Forgotten River
In the martial arts competition a month later
An upright challenge to the eagle